chore: Why chomp (#169)
guybedford/chomp: README.md

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20disord-green.svg?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/5E9zrhguTy)

Chomp is frontend task runner with advance featured focused on _ease-of-use_ and _not getting in the way_!

> ## Why is Chomp easy to use?

Reviewer: Rather than justifying being easy to use, I think this is "easy to switch to".

Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
## One-line migration from npm scripts
```

Chomps sets itself up with a single commmand!

```bash
chomp --init --import-scripts
```

Now you can run your npm scripts using Chomp!

- _Where you ran `npm run <task>` before, now you can run `chomp <task>`!_

The only difference is, with Chomp—it's faster. And, with a few more tweaks, you can enable smart caching, parallelism, and more!

## What features does Chomp provide?

> Chomp is an advanced task runner. It provides features similar to [turbo](https://turbo.build/repo) and [nx](https://nx.dev/) but focuses on ease of use, *not monorepos.

Reviewer: If removing the `JS Make` comment, I think it's worth adding an extra line here:

```
Chomp is also closer to older build techniques like Make files, but with added features and extensions for frontend projects.
```

or something like that.

### Parallelism

Chomp [runs tasks in parallel](./docs/task.md#serial-dependencies), based on an extecuted task's dependencies!
### Watch/Serve

Chomp [watches any task](./docs/task.md#watched-rebuilds) by including a `--watch` or `--serve` option! Read more about the power of [`--watch`](./docs/task.md#watched-rebuilds) and [`--serve`](./docs/task.md#static-server).
### A JS extension system

Chomp has a [JS extension system](./docs/extensions.md) that allows you to extend Chomp with your own custom tasks
### Smart caching

Chomp [caches tasks](./docs/task.md#task-caching) based on task dependencies like other tasks or updated files. You don't have to worry about it!

> \*Chomp works for monrepos but it's achitectured for ease of use and not getting in the way first.
## Why is Chomp right for me?

1. You get an advanced task runner with a single command!
1. You enable and manage advanced task runner features with single line updates!
1. You don't have to re-invent your project.

Chomp a great option for frontend projects where the goal is getting advance task runner features, like smart caching, without complexity and overhead!

> Additionally, you get these features with 0 coding pattern changes. Chomp builds off of a project's established tasks without breaking them. _AKA, you can still run `npm run <task>`. You just don't Chomp's rich feature set!_.

Reviewer: Again this is optional, so I'd say:

```suggestion
Additionally, you get these features with 0 coding pattern changes. Chomp can run a project's established `package.json` scripts without breaking them. _i.e `npm run <task>` becomes `chomp <task>` and behaves the same, and further features can be opted in to as needed._
```

That said, writing the above makes me thing maybe we move this whole section up to the top and merge it with the first point about migration?
